22 2 2 w w w w.ewlewc.etrleoclutrxo.lcuox..ctho m ENGLISH 23
Oil based paint: moisten with benzine Low sudsing detergents designed for Not enough detergent causes:
stain remover, lay the garment on a soft front load washing machines are labelled the washload to turn grey,
cloth and dab the stain; treat several “Front Loading”, “high efficiency”, “HE”, greasy clothes.
times. such as Cold Power for Front Loaders or
“Matic”. Too much detergent causes:
Dried grease stains: moisten with
turpentine, lay the garment on a soft Do not use wrong types of detergent, sudsing,
surface and dab the stain with the such as Top Loading, Handwash reduced washing effect,
fingertips and a cotton cloth. detergent or Soap-Based products in inadequate rinsing.
your frontload washing machine. This
Rust: oxalic acid dissolved in hot water or can result in excessive suds, longer Use less detergent if:
a rust removing product used in cold cycle time, low spin speeds, poor you are washing a small load,
water. Be careful with rust stains which rinsing and overloading of the motor. the laundry is lightly soiled,
are not recent since the cellulose
structure will already have been damaged large amounts of foam during washing.
and the fabric tends to hole.
Quantity of detergent to be
Mould stains: treat with bleach, rinse used
well (whites and fast coloureds only). 7. INTERNATIONAL WASH CODE SYMBOLS
The choice of detergent and use of
Grass: soap lightly and treat with bleach
correct quantities not only affects your
(whites and fast coloureds only). These symbols appear on fabric labels, in order to help you choose the best
wash performance, but also helps to
way to treat your laundry.
Ball point pen and glue: moisten with avoid waste and protect the environment.
acetone (*), lay the garment on a soft Although biodegradable detergents
cloth and dab the stain. contain substances which in large
quantities can upset the delicate balance
Lipstick: moisten with acetone (*) as
of nature.
above, then treat stains with methylated Energetic Max. wash Max. wash Max. wash Max. wash
DO NOT
spirits. Remove any residual marks from The choice and quantity of detergent will wash temperature temperature temperature temperature Hand wash wash at all
white fabrics with bleach. depend on ; 95 °C 60 °C 40 °C 30 °C
Red wine: soak in water and detergent, type of fabric (delicates, woollens,
rinse and treat with acetic or citric acid, cottons, etc.) ; Delicate wash
then rinse. Treat any residual marks with the colour of clothes ;
bleach.
size of the load ;
Ink: depending on the type of ink,
degree of soil ; Bleaching Bleach in cold water DO NOT bleach
moisten the fabric first with acetone (*),
then with acetic acid; treat any residual wash temperature ; and
marks on white fabrics with bleach and hardness of the water used.
then rinse thoroughly. Water hardness is classified by so-called Ironing Hot iron Warm iron Lukewarm iron DO NOT iron
Tar stains: first treat with stain remover, “degrees” of hardness. max. 200 °C max. 150 °C max. 110 °C
methylated spirits or benzine, then rub Information on hardness of the water in
with detergent paste. your area can be obtained from the
(*) do not use acetone on artificial silk. relevant water supply company, or from Dry cleaning Dry cleaning in Dry cleaning in Dry cleaning in DO NOT
your local authority. all solvents perchlorethylene, petrol, pure alcohol dry clean
petrol, pure alcohol, and R 113
6.6 Detergents Type And You may have to try using the detergent R 111 & R 113
quantity as per manufacturers’
Quantity Of Detergent instructions then compare the wash High
temperature
result to the list below and adjust the
Low sudsing detergent is required for this Low
amount of detergent for your future
washing machine to prevent oversudsing temperature
washes accordingly.
problems, unsatisfactory washing result Drying Flat On the line On clothes Tumble dry DO NOT
and harm to the machine. hanger tumble dry