28 2 8w w w . ewlwecwt.reolelucxtr.oclou.xt.hc om ENGLISH 29
9. TROUBLESHOOTING
8.9 Frost Precautions 9.1 Possible Failures Alarm Code:
If the appliance is installed in an area Certain problems are due to lack of
The appliance does not fill
where the temperature can be less simple maintenance or oversights, which
with water properly.
than 0 °C, remove the remaining water can be solved easily without calling out
from the inlet hose and the an engineer. Before contacting your local The appliance does not drain
drain pump. Service Centre, please check trouble- the water.
shooting below. The appliance door is open or
Emergency Drain Once the problem has been eliminated, not closed correctly. Please
check the door!
press the Start/Pause button to restart
1. Disconnect the main plug from the
the program. If after all checks, the The main supply is unstable.
main socket. Turn off the water tap.
problem persists, contact your local Wait until the main supply is
2. Remove the water inlet hose. Service Centre. stable.
3. Remove the drain hose from the rear No communication between
WARNING! Deactivate the
support and unhook it from sink or electronic elements of the
appliance before you do the
spigot. appliance. Switch off and
checks.
switch on again.
Malfunction Possible cause Solution
The door has not been closed. Close the door firmly.
(Error code: )
The plug is not properly Insert the plug into the power
inserted into the power socket. socket.
There is no power at the Please check your domestic
socket. electrical installation.
Machine does The Start/Pause touchpad has Press the Start/Pause
not start: not been pressed. touchpad.
4. Put the end of the drain and inlet hose The “Delay End” has been If the laundry are to be
in a container. Let the water flow out selected. washed immediately, cancel
of the hoses. the “Delay End”.
The Main supply is unstable. Wait until the main supply is
(If appears on the stable. Appliance will start
display.) automatically.
The water tap is closed. Open the water tap.
(Error code: )
The inlet hose is squashed or Check the inlet hose
Machine does kinked. (Error code: ) connection.
not fill the
water: The filter in the inlet hose is Clean the water inlet hose
blocked. (Error code: ) filter.
5. When no more water flows, install the
The door is not properly closed. Close the door firmly.
inlet hose and the drain hose again.
(Error code: )
NOTE
Machine fills The end of the drain hose is Refer to relevant paragraph in
Make sure that the temperature is then empties too low. (Error code: ) “water drainage” section.
more than 0 °C before you use the immediately:
appliance again.