30 3 w0 w w . e wlewcwtr.oelleucxt.rcoolu.txh.c om ENGLISH 31
Malfunction Possible cause Solution Malfunction Possible cause Solution
The drain hose is squashed or Check the drain hose The laundry is not evenly Pause the machine and
kinked. (Error code: ) connection. distributed in the drum. redistribute laundry
manually.
Machine The drain pump is clogged. Clean the drain filter. Machine
does not (Error code: ) vibrates or There is very little laundry in the Load more laundry.
is noisy: drum.
empty and/or
The option “Rinse Hold” Press Start/Pause
does not Unstable floors eg. wooden floors. Refer to relevant paragraph
has been selected. touchpad to drain the water
spin: in “Positioning” section.
or select spin program.
The laundry is not evenly Pause the machine and Detergent over dose. Reduce the detergent
distributed in the drum. redistribute laundry quantity or use another one.
manually. (Refer page 22 “Detergents
Cycle time Type And Quantity Of
Too much detergent or unsuitable Reduce detergent quantity longer than Detergent”).
detergent (creates too much and use correct type of displayed:
foam) has been used. detergent (refer page 22). Machine unbalance. Redistribute laundry
manually in the drum and
Check whether there are any leaks Check the water inlet hose start the spin phase again.
There is water
from one of the inlet hose fittings. It connection.
on the floor: is not always easy to see this as The cycle is
the water runs down the hose; shorter than The appliance calculated a new time according to the laundry
check to see if it is damp. the time load.
displayed.
The drain hose is damaged. Call Service.
The electronic unbalance detection Pause the machine and
Too little detergent or unsuitable Increase detergent device has cut in because the redistribute laundry
detergent has been used. quantity or use different laundry is not evenly distributed in manually.
detergent (refer page 22). the drum. The laundry is
Unsatisfac- redistributed by reverse rotation of
tory Stubborn stains have not been Use commercial products Spinning the drum.
washing treated prior to washing. to treat the stubborn stains. starts late
This may happen several times
or machine
results:
The correct temperature was not Check if you have selected before the unbalance disappears
does
selected. the correct temperature. and normal spinning can resume. If,
not spin:
after 10 minutes, the laundry is still
Excessive laundry load. Reduce load.
not evenly distributed in the drum,
the machine will not spin. In this
The program is still running. Wait until the end of cycle.
case, redistribute the load manually
There is water in the drum. You must drain the water and select the spin program.
to open the door (refer
Machine not installed properly. Make sure the levelling of
“Opening The Door” on
The door will the appliance is correct.
page 19.
not open: Refer to “Installation”.
This problem may be caused by Contact Service. If you
Machine
a failure of the appliance. need to open the door, Transit bolts or packaging not Make sure that the
makes an
please read carefully removed. packaging and/or the
unusual
“Emergency door opening” transit bolts are removed.
noise:
on page 32. Refer to “Unpacking”.
The transit bolts and packing Check the correct installa- The load may be too small. Add more laundry in the
Machine have not been removed. tion of the appliance. drum.
vibrates or
is noisy: The support feet have not been Check the correct levelling No water is Machines based on modern technology operate very economical-
adjusted. of the appliance. visible in
ly using very little water without affecting performance.
the drum: