38 3 8 w w www.ewl.eecletrcotrloulxu.xc.oco.tmh ENGLISH 39
12. ENVIRONMENT CONCERNS
11.5 Electrical Connection 12.1 Packaging Materials For more detailed information about
recycling of this product, please contact
This machine is designed to operate on a The materials marked with the
CAUTION! your local city office, your household
230 V, single-phase, 60 Hz supply. symbol are recyclable.
Connect the machine to an waste disposal service or the shop where
“An incorrect power supply may void earthed socket outlet. >PE<=polyethylene you purchased the product.
your warranty.” The manufacturer declines any >PS<=polystyrene
>PP<=polypropylene
Check that your domestic electrical responsibility for damage or
installation can take the maximum injury through failure to comply This means that they can be recycled by 12.3 Ecological Hints
load required (2.0 kW), also taking into with the above safety precaution. disposing them properly in appropriate
To save water, energy and to help
account any other appliances in use. collection containers.
Should the appliance power protect the environment, we recommend
supply cable need to be that you follow these tips:
12.2 Old Machine
replaced, this shall be carried
Normally soiled laundry may be
out by our Service Centre. Use authorized disposal sites for your old
washed without prewashing in order to
appliance. Help to keep your country tidy!
When the appliance is installed, the save detergent, water and time (the
power supply cable must be easily The symbol on the product or on its environment is protected too!).
accessible. packaging indicates that this product may The machine works more economically
not be treated as household waste. if it is fully loaded.
Instead it shall be handed over to the With adequate pre-treatment, stains
applicable collection point for the and limited soiling can be removed; the
recycling of electrical and electronic laundry can then be washed at a lower
equipment. By ensuring this product is temperature.
disposed of correctly, you will help
Measure out detergent according to
prevent potential negative consequences
the water hardness, the degree of
for the environment and human health,
soiling and the quantity of laundry
which could otherwise be caused by
being washed.
inappropriate waste handling of this
product.