16 www.electrolux.co.th EENNGGLLIISSHH 1 177
5. DAILY USE
3.6 Start/Pause ( ) and 2. Add Clothes ( ) 5.1 Loading The Laundry 5.2 Using Detergent And
Add Clothes ( ) Touchpad You can only add clothes when Additives
1. Turn the water tap on.
the icon “ ” shown on the Please read “Detergents Type
This touchpad has 2 functions: display. 2. Connect the main plug to the main and Quantity of Detergent”on
socket.
page 22 before use.
1.Start/Pause ( ) To add clothes:
3. Press the On/Off button to turn on the
After you have selected the desired 1. Pressing the “Start/Pause” washing machine. Turn the knob to 1. Detergent Dispenser Drawer
program and options, press this touchpad to pause the program. set a program. The washing machine The detergent dispenser is divided
touchpad to start the machine. The 2. Wait for the machine to come to a will propose a temperature and into three compartments.
Start/Pause pilot light will stop flashing complete stop before opening the automatically select the spin value
and remain lit until the water level is door (wait for door lock “ ” icon provided for the program you have
above the bottom edge of the door to turn off). chosen.
then pilot light goes OFF. If you have
The selector knob can be turned either
selected a “Delay End” option, the 3. Add clothing and close the door.
clockwise or counter-clockwise.
countdown will begin and will be 4. Resume the program by pressing
shown on the display. “Start/Pause” touchpad again. 4. Check and remove objects (if there
are any) that could be trapped in the
To interrupt a program which is
fold.
running, press this touchpad to pause
the machine, the Start/Pause pilot light
flashes.
To restart the program from the point
at which it was interrupted, press this
touchpad again, the Start/Pause pilot ● Compartment “PREWASH”
light will stop flashing. This compartment is only used for
detergent when a “Prewash” option
is selected.
4. BEFORE FIRST USE ● Compartment “MAIN WASH”
This compartment is used for
detergent on all programs.
3. Select a Cottons cycle at 90 °C,
NOTE 5. Place the laundry in the drum, one
without any laundry in the machine, to
item at a time, shaking them out as Detergent flap
remove any manufacturing residue
During installation or before first use much as possible. (Refer to page 21
from the drum and tub then start the
you may observe some water in the “WASHING HINTS”)
machine.
machine. This is a residual water left in
the machine after a full functional test 6. Close the door.
in the factory to ensure the machine is Make sure that no laundry
delivered to customers in perfect remains between the seal and
working order and is no cause for the door.
concern.
1. Ensure that the electrical and water
connections comply with the
installation instructions. Position down: Position up:
for liquid for powder
2. Put 2 litres of water in the detergent
detergent. detergent.
compartment for washing phase. This
activates the drain system. ● Compartment “SOFTENER”
This compartment is used for fabric
conditioner and starching agent.