18 1 8 w wwww.we.leelcetcrtoroluluxx..ccoo.mth ENGLISH 19
NOTE: When you use the 5.4 Starting A Cycle ( ) 5.7 Changing The Options
NOTE
liquid detergent
To start a program, press the Start/Pause It may be possible to change some of the
- Do not use gelatinous or thick The softener amount used must touchpad. The corresponding pilot light options after a wash program has started.
liquid detergents. not exceed the “MAX” mark in the will stop flashing and a default program
drawer. 1. Press the touchpad Start/Pause. The
- Do not put more liquid than the duration will be displayed on the screen. indicator will start flashing.
maximum level. I rf e y co ou m u ms ee n t dh eic dk t oso dft ile un tee r ws ii tt h i s w ater. After approx. 15 minutes from the start of 2. If available change the options that
- Do not set the “Prewash” phase. a program: you wish.
- Do not set the “Delay End”. - Close the drawer gently. - The appliance will automatically adjust 3. Press Start/Pause again. The program
2. Measure out the detergent and the NOTE the selected program duration will continue.
according to the type and size of the
fabric softener;
Residues of detergent, softener load.
- Pull out the dispenser drawer until and water may remain in the - The display will show adjusted 5.8 Opening The Door
it stops. dispenser. It is recommended to program duration.
- Measure out the amount of clean the dispenser regularly to While a program or the Delay End is
detergent required, pour it into the remove any residue. NOTE o ap ne dr ta ht ein g d, is t ph le a ya p shp olia wn sc te h ed o ino dr ii cs a l to oc rk “e d ”.
main wash compartment .
First, set the machine to PAUSE by
If you press any touchpad while a
pressing the “Start/Pause” touchpad. Wait
program is operating, the symbol “ ”
5.3 Options Setting until the door lock indicator goes off, then
will flash on display along with buzzer
the door can be opened.
sound. (except Start/Pause touchpad
1. If you want your laundry to be spun or
and On/Off button) If the door lock indicator “ ” does not
use temperature different from the one
disappear, this means that the machine
proposed by the washing machine,
is already heating and the water level is
pess “Spin” and “Temp” touchpads
5.5 Interruption Of A Program above the bottom edge of the door or the
repeatedly to change the spin speed
drum is turning. In this case the door
and temperature. - To pause, press Start/ Pause. CAN NOT be opened. If you need to
Press the option touchpads, if you The indicator will start flashing. open it, you must drain the water to open
- If you wish to carry out the want your laundry to be washed with - Press the Start/Pause again. the door.
“Prewash” phase, pour it into the special functions.
The program will continue.
compartment marked . In case of emergency please
refer to “Emergency door
NOTE
opening” on page 32.
- Different functions can be 5.6 Changing A Program
combined which is dependent on
Changing a running program is possible
the program selected.
only by switching off the appliance. 5.9 At The End Of The Program
- If an option is not compatible with
- Press the “On/Off” button to cancel
the wash program selected, the - The appliance stops automatically.
the program and to turn off the
symbol “ ” will flash on display appliance. - The acoustic signal will operate.
along with buzzer sound.
- Press the “On/Off” button again to - The display will show “ ”.
- If required, pour fabric softener into 2. If you want to adjust washing time, start the appliance. - The indicator of the touchpad
the compartment marked . press the “Time Manager” touchpad Now you can set a new wash program Start/Pause goes off.
repeatedly to increase or decrease
and change any available options. Press - The door lock indicator “ ” goes off.
washing time. (See Time Manager
guide on page 13) Start/Pause to start the new program. - Remove the laundry from the
appliance. Make sure that the drum is
If you want to define the end of the NOTE empty.
washing program, press the “Delay
The appliance will not drain the water - Keep the door partly open, to prevent
End” touchpad repeatedly to choose
(except programs; Vapour Refresh, Spin, the mildew and odours.
your washing machine working time.
Rinse + Spin, TubClean). - Turn off the water tap.