36 3 6 w w w w.ewlewc.etrloeclutrxo.lcuox..tcho m ENGLISH 37
Loosen or tighten the feet to adjust the 11.3 Water Inlet Fitting Hose Guide In a sink, drain pipe branch.
level. A correct adjustment of the
This branch must be above the trap so
appliance level prevents vibration, noise Connect the water inlet hose to a tap 1.
that the bend is at least 60 cm above
and the movement of the appliance when with 3/4” BSP thread.
Pull apart to Hose the ground.
in operation. Use the hose supplied with the washing insert hose. Guide bend .xorppa
machine. DO NOT USE OLD HOSES. hose
clockwise “DOWN”
054
check Max.
90 cm
pull hose
Min.
60 cm
counter clockwise “UP” 2.
Push the drain hose onto the spigot
and secure with a clip, ensure a loop is
formed in the drain hose to prevent
Adjust length to suit waste from the sink entering the
The inlet hose must not be lengthened. trough. appliance.
If it is too short and you do not wish to
Directly into a drain pipe, at a height
When the washing machine is levelled, move the tap, you will have to purchase of not less than 60 cm and not more
try to rock it from corner to corner. If it a new, longer hose specially designed than 90 cm.
does rock, adjust the legs again until it is for this type of use.
levelled and does not rock. Loosen the ring nut to angle the hose to
the left or right depending on the position Max. 90 cm
of your water tap. Do not place the inlet Min. 60 cm
hose downwards. After positioning the
inlet hose, be sure to tighten the ring nut
again to prevent leaks.
The end of the drain hose must always
be ventilated, i.e. the inside diameter
35° 45°
of the drain pipe must be larger than
Never place cardboard, wood or similar the outside diameter of the drain hose.
materials under the machine to
The drain hose must not be twisted or
compensate for any unevenness in the
curled. Run it along the floor; only the
floor. Install the machine on a flat hard
part near the drainage point must be
floor. Make sure that air circulation
raised.
around the machine is not impeded by
carpets, rugs etc. 11.4 Water Drainage In this case, make sure the end cannot For the correct functioning of the
machine, the drain hose must remain
Check that the machine does not touch The end of the drain hose can be come unhooked when the machine will hooked on the proper support piece
the wall or cupboard units. positioned in three ways: be emptied. This could be done by tying situated on the top part of back side of
it to the tap with a piece of string or
Hooked over the edge of a sink, the appliance.
attaching it to the wall.
using the plastic hose guide supplied
with the machine.