20 2 0 w wwww.we.leelcetcrtoroluluxx..ccoo.mth ENGLISH 21
6. WASHING HINTS
NOTE NOTE 6.1 Sorting The Laundry Wash bras, pantyhose
and other delicates in a
At the end of the program, the time After approximately 18 hours, if you do Follow the wash code symbols on each mesh laundry bag,
remaining can suddenly decrease from not press Start/Pause touchpad, the garment label and the manufacturer’s which you can purchase
7 minutes or less to 0 due to the appliance will drain and spin automatically washing instructions. Sort the laundry as from your supermarket.
overestimated total program time during (except for “Wool” program) . follows: whites, coloureds, synthetics,
the load sensing phase. In some cases delicates, woollens. Make sure that you wash lint collectors
(with perfectly balanced load) the separately from lint producers.
program time can be shorter than the 5.11 AUTO Off Mode
time estimated after the load sensing 6.2 Temperatures Never wash whites and coloured
phase is completed. This is a normal The AUTO Off mode automatically fabrics together. Whites may lose their
behavior of the machine and not a cause deactivates the appliance to decrease “whiteness” in the wash.
Temp Soil level
for concern as it does not compromise its the energy consumption when: New coloured items may run in the first
performance. 90°C For normally soiled white wash; they should therefore be
You do not press any buttons for 5
cottons and linen (e.g. teacloths, washed separately the first time.
minutes before you press “Start/Pause”.
towels, tablecloths, sheets...).
5.10 When The Washing - Press the “On/Off” button to activate Remove persistent stains before
Program Is Completed, But the appliance again. 60°C For normally soiled, colourfast washing.
50°C garments (e.g. shirts, night Rub particularly soiled areas with a
There Is Water In The Drum After 5 minutes from the end of the dresses, pajamas....) in linen, special detergent or detergent paste.
(Option “Rinse Hold ” is used) washing program. cotton or synthetic fibres and Treat curtains with special care.
- Press the “On/Off” button to for lightly soiled white cotton Remove hooks or tie them up in a bag
- The drum turns regularly to prevent reactivate the appliance. Display will (e.g.underwear). or a net.
the creases in the laundry.
show the end of the last wash.
40°C For delicate items (e.g. net
- The indicator “Start/Pause” flashes to - Press any touchpad again to show 30°C curtains), mixed laundry 6.4 Maximum Loads
remind you to drain the water. the last wash program. Cold including synthetic fibres and
Recommended loads are indicated in the
- The door lock indicator “ ” is on. woollens bearing the label pure program charts on page 11.
new wool, machine washable,
The door stays locked.
non-shrink. General rules:
You must drain the water to
open the door. Clothes Load Quantity
To drain the water: 6.3 Before Loading The Cotton, linen drum full but not too
tightly packed;
1. Press the “Start/Pause ” touchpad. Laundry
drum no more than
The appliance drains the water and Synthetics
half full;
spins with the maximum spin speed Make sure that no
for selected program. metal objects are Delicate fabrics drum no more than
Alternatively, before pressing the left in the laundry and woollens one third full.
“Start/Pause” touchpad, you can press (e.g. coin, hair clips, Washing a maximum load makes the
the “Spin ” touchpad to change the safety pins, pins). most efficient use of water and energy.
spin speed. You can select “No Spin For heavily soiled laundry, reduce the
( )”, if you want the machine to only load size.
drain the water.
2. When the program is completed and 6.5 Removing Stains
the door lock indicator “ ” goes off,
you can open the door. Stubborn stains may not be removed by
Button up just water and detergent. It is therefore
3. Press the “On/Off” button to deactivate
pillowcases, close advisable to treat them prior to washing.
the appliance.
zip fasteners, Blood: treat fresh stains with cold water.
hooks and poppers. For dried stains, soak overnight in water
Tie any belts or with a special detergent then rub in the
long tapes. soap and water.