6 www.electrolux.co.th EENNGGLLISISHH 77
1.3 General Safety 1.4 Installation 1.5 Use
● It is dangerous to alter the specifica- ● This appliance is heavy. Care should ● Only wash fabrics which are
tions or attempt to modify this product be taken when moving it. designed to be machine washed.
in any way. Follow the instructions on each
● When unpacking the appliance, check
garment label.
● During high temperature wash that it is not damaged. If in doubt, do
program the door glass may get hot. not use it and contact the Service ● Do not overload the appliance. See
Do not touch it! Centre. the relevant section in the user
manual.
● Make sure that small pets do not ● All packing and transit bolts must be
climb into the drum. To avoid this, removed before use. Serious damage ● Before washing, ensure that all
please check inside the drum before can occur to the product and to pockets are empty and buttons and
using the appliance. property if this is not adhered to. See zips are fastened. Avoid washing
relevant section in the user manual. frayed or torn articles and treat stains
● Any objects such as coins, safety
such as paint, ink, rust, and grass
pins, nails, screws, stones or any ● After having installed the appliance,
before washing.
other hard, sharp material can cause check that it is not standing on the
extensive damage and must not be inlet and drain hose and the worktop ● Garments which have been in
placed into the machine. is not pressing the electrical supply contact with volatile petroleum
cable. products should not be machine
● Wash small items such as socks, washed. If volatile cleaning fluids are
laces, washable belts etc in a ● If the appliance is installed on a used, care should be taken to ensure
washing bag or pillow case as it is carpeted floor, please adjust the feet that the fluid is removed from the
possible for such items to slip down in order to allow air to circulate freely. garment before placing in the
between the tub and the inner drum. ● Always be sure, that there is no water machine.
● Only use manufacturer’s leakage from hoses and their ● Never pull the power supply cable to
recommended quantities of fabric connections after the installation. remove the plug from the socket;
softener and detergent. Damage to ● Any plumbing work required to install always take hold of the plug itself.
the fabric or appliance can occur if
you exceed the recommended this appliance should be carried out ● Never use the washing machine if
by a qualified plumber.
amount. the power supply cable, the control
● Any electrical work required to install panel, the working surface or the
● Do not use your washing machine to this appliance should be carried out base are damaged so that the inside
wash articles with whalebones, by a qualified electrician. of the washing machine is accessi-
material without hems or torn ble.
material. May cause electric shock! if the
● Always unplug the appliance and turn machine is not connected to an
off the water supply after use, clean earthed/ground system. DO NOT
and maintenance. touch the wet clothes and metal
parts.
● This appliance is not intended for use
by persons (including children) with For safety reasons do not use
reduced physical, sensory or mental double adaptors, extension
capabilities, or lack of experience and cords and multi-plug adapters.
knowledge, unless they have been
given supervision or instruction
concerning use of the appliance by a
person responsible for their safety.
● Under no circumstances should you
attempt to repair the machine
yourself. Repairs carried out by
inexperienced persons may cause
injury or serious malfunctioning.
Contact your local Service Centre.
Always insist on genuine spare parts.