24 www.electrolux.co.th EENNGGLLISISHH 2255
8. CARE AND CLEANING
WARNING! To run a maintenance wash: Flush it out under a tap to remove any WARNING!
traces of accumulated powder.
The drum should be empty of laundry.
You must DISCONNECT the appliance 1. Disconnect the mains plug from the
from the electricity supply, before you can Select the “Tub Clean” program. mains socket.
carry out any cleaning or maintenance
Press Start/Pause to start the program. 2. Do not remove the filter while the
work.
appliance is operating. Do not clean
the drain pump if the water in the
8.1 External Cleaning appliance is hot. The water must be
8.5 Cleaning The Dispenser cold before you clean the drain pump.
Clean the appliance only with soap and
warm water. Fully dry all the surfaces. Drawer To clean the drain pump:
1. Open the drain pump door.
CAUTION! The washing powder and additive
dispenser drawer should be cleaned
Do not use alcohol, solvents or regularly.
chemical products.
Remove the drawer by pressing the
catch downwards and by pulling it out. 8.6 Cleaning The Drawer
8.2 Descaling Recess
The water we use normally contains lime. Having removed the drawer, use a small
It is a good idea to periodically use a brush to clean the recess, ensuring that
water softening powder in the machine. all washing powder residue is removed
Do this separately from any laundry from the upper and lower part of the
washing, and according to the softening recess. Replace the drawer and run the
powder manufacturer's instructions. rinse program without any clothes in the
drum.
This will help to prevent the formation of
lime deposits.
8.3 After Each Wash 2. Place a suitable water container
below the recess of the drain pump
Leave the door open for a while. This
to collect the water that flows out.
helps to prevent mould and stagnant
smells forming inside the appliance. Press the two levers and pull forward
the drainage duct to let the water flow
Keeping the door open after a wash will To aid cleaning, the top part of the out.
also help to preserve the door seal. additive compartment should be
removed.
8.4 Maintenance Wash With
“Tub Clean” Program 8.7 Cleaning The Pump
With the use of low temperature washes Regularly examine the drain pump
it is possible to get a build up of residues and make sure that it is clean.
inside the drum.
Clean the pump if:
We recommend to use “Tub Clean”
program to clean the drum regularly to The appliance does not drain the water.
remove any residue. The drum cannot turn.
The appliance makes an unusual noise
because of the blockage of the drain
pump.
The display shows an alarm code
because of the problem with water
drain.