14 1 4 w w www.wel.eecletcrotrlouluxx.c.coo.tmh ENGLISH 15
3.5 Settings
Hygienic Care ( ) Touchpad Prewash ( ) Touchpad
Select this option to add approximately Select this option if you wish your laundry Save Favourite ( ) Program ● To deactivate the function, press and
30 minutes of tumbling in vapour after to be pre-washed before the main wash. Program settings that are frequently used hold “Prewash” touchpad about
the rinse cycle. The indicator of this Use this option for heavy soil. The can be saved (e.g. Cotton, 60°C, 1200 2 seconds until the display shows the
option will be on. indicator of this option will be on. rpm, with Prewash and Hygienic Care). icon “ ”.
● Vapour may not necessarily be visible When you set this function, put the To program/re-program Favourite with
inside the drum during a vapour cycle. detergent into the “ ” compartment. your own selections and save them,
Vapour is created below the drum and This function increases the program proceed as follows: Enabling/Disabling End-Of-Wash
allowed to naturally rise into the Buzzer
clothes. duration. 1. Put machine in Stand-By mode.
● Vapour may not be present during the 2. Select your desired wash settings. This setting permits you to either enable
or disable the buzzer at the end of the
entire vapour cycle. 3. To save favourite program, press and
program. As an example, you might wish
● V haa lp f o lou ar dfu .nction is more effective with Extra Rinse Touchpad h ao bl od u “ tH 2y sg eie cn oi nc d C sa ar ne d y o ” u t o wu ilc l h hp ea ad r t wo a d si hs a wb hle e nth gis o b inu gz z toe r b w edh ,e sn o y to hu a ts wta hrt e a n
“Bip, Bip” sound and “ ” is
● At the end of the Vapour cycle, the This option is recommended for people flashing on the display. the wash finished approximately 1 hour
clothes will be warmer, softer and who are allergic to detergents, and in later, it will not disturb you through the
detached from the drum. areas where the water is very soft. To recall the favourite wash program, night.
Press this touchpad to add two rinse turn selector knob to “Favourite ” Error warning beeps such as critical
NOTE phases to a program. The indicator of program. You will get acknowledgement faults are not disabled.
this option will be on. on the display when the Favourite
If Vapour option is selected, rinse program is loaded. ● To disable the buzzer sound, press
temperatures will be elevated. “Spin and Hygienic Care ( )”
touchpads at the same time about
During a vapour cycle, you may notice
vapour exiting from the drain hose of Child Safety Lock ( ) Option 3 seconds, the icon “ ” will show
on display along with buzzer sound.
the washing machine, this is normal
Your appliance is provided with CHILD
and there is no cause for alarm. SAFETY LOCK which permits you to leave ● To return to default configuration press
the appliance unsupervised with the door these 2 touchpads at the same time
closed without having to worry that children about 3 seconds, the icon “ ” will
might be injured by or cause damage to show on display along with buzzer
the appliance. sound.
Set this option after pressing the
Start/Pause touchpad.
To set “Child Lock” option:
● To activate the function, press and
hold “Prewash” touchpad about
2 seconds until the display shows the
icon “ ”.
If you press any touchpad while
Child Lock is activated, the icon
“ ” will flash on display
3 times along with buzzer sound.
The touchpads are locked
(except for the On/Off button).
This function remains enabled
even after the appliance is
switched off.